
---
[Link to Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20220527225415/https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/tibalt-2013-09-18)

[_metadata_:description]:- "Lacking talent and discipline as a necromancy student, Tibalt was consumed with hatred, isolation, and failure. Now half devil, his pain is his power."
[_metadata_:generator]:- "Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org)"
[_metadata_:node]:- "46529"
[_metadata_:publish_date]:- "2013-09-18"
[_metadata_:source]:- "div-main-content"
[_metadata_:title]:- "TIBALT"
[_metadata_:wayback_capture_timestamp]:- "2022-05-27 22:54:15"
[_metadata_:wayback_raw_url]:- "https://web.archive.org/web/20220527225415id_/https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/tibalt-2013-09-18"
[_metadata_:wayback_url]:- "https://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/tibalt-2013-09-18"
---


TIBALT
======



 Posted in [NEWS](/en/articles)
 on September 18, 2013 










Lacking talent and discipline in his necromancy studies, Tibalt became consumed with hatred. His only joys were that of torture and inflicting pain. Counseled by dark forces, he fused his soul with those of demons. Now he delights in hellish agony across the planes.


The student of an Innistrad necromancer, Tibalt tried to follow in his master's footsteps, cobbling together and reanimating corpses. But he lacked the necessary skills for such exacting work.


Nursing a growing seed of hatred, fed by his failure and isolation, he started turning his talents toward the realm of the living. His experiments tested the ability of living organisms to withstand pain, using only vermin at first, but eventually moving on to humans.


As if summoned by the evil nature of these new experiments, devils began to gather near Tibalt's laboratory at night, whispering in their strange chittering tongue. They offered Tibalt insights into what fascinated him most: the true nature of pain.


Filled with a new sense of power, Tibalt grew more sadistic and careless, oblivious to the whisperings of the townsfolk. It was only a matter of time before inquisitors kicked down the door of his lab. Cornered in a room of torture devices, Tibalt should have been executed or jailed for life. Instead, he invoked a potent and hateful spell, from the devil's utterances and his own grim discoveries. The spell fused his own essence with theirs, at the cost of experiencing all the pain he had inflicted on others.


In that moment, Tibalt's Planeswalker spark ignited, flinging him across the universe and away from the inquisitors' blades. Now half-devil, Tibalt is free to practice his "art" from plane to plane.







