
---
[Link to Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140901014655/http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/153171)

[_metadata_:generator]:- "Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org)"
[_metadata_:source]:- "div-main"
[_metadata_:title]:- "Article Archives"
[_metadata_:wayback_capture_timestamp]:- "2014-09-01 01:46:55"
[_metadata_:wayback_raw_url]:- "https://web.archive.org/web/20140901014655id_/http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/153171"
[_metadata_:wayback_url]:- "http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/153171"
---





Article Archives
================


 











 Search in Archives 








Sort by : 
DateTitle




Order 
AscendingDescending



 

 


 



|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 
 Aug **4** |  | 
[The Only Way to Play the Game 
 
In the Season Four opener of Damages (great television show, by the by) Glenn Close's character, Patty Hewes, cautions her onetime protégé (Rose Byrne's character, Ellen Parsons) about taking on a...](/node/256156)
 |
| 
 Jul **28** |  | 
[Undercosted 
 
One of the most important tools that a deck designer can acquire is the identification and evaluation of undercosted cards. Many of Magic's most powerful and most memorable decks have relied on...](/node/253981)
 |
| 
 Jul **21** |  | 
[Vorlons, Shadows, and Captain Picard 
 
For me, it was Kird Ape.











When I first set eyes on Kird Ape, a process started in my mind that has kept me nonstop fascinated for the past twenty years.



You see, Kird Ape...](/node/253366)
 |
| 
 Jul **14** |  | 
[Metagame 
 
Imagine, if you will, a great big game of rock-paper-scissors.


Rock smashes scissors.



Scissors cuts paper.



Paper covers rock.


There are only three options: rock, paper, or...](/node/252256)
 |
| 
 Jul **7** |  | 
[Three-Card Combinations 
 
Last week, we left off of "Two-Card Combinations" with a teaser of these three cards:



























To my knowledge (as someone who started playing Magic...](/node/230561)
 |
| 
 Jun **29** |  | 
[Two-Card Combinations 
 
The word "combo" (short for "combination") gets thrown around a lot in Magic. In some circles, anything that seems to work well with anything else is a mondo combo. For our purposes, though, a...](/node/228961)
 |
| 
 Jun **23** |  | 
[Darksteel Citadel and Shrapnel Blast 
 
I thought I'd follow up on last week's discussion with two Magic 2015 preview cards that, both separately and in concert with one another, exemplify the principle of synergy...](/node/228131)
 |



* [Show More Articles](/en/articles/archive/153171?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1)

 

  







