
---
[Link to Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141008065206/http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/156066?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1)

[_metadata_:generator]:- "Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org)"
[_metadata_:source]:- "div-main"
[_metadata_:title]:- "Article Archives"
[_metadata_:wayback_capture_timestamp]:- "2014-10-08 06:52:06"
[_metadata_:wayback_raw_url]:- "https://web.archive.org/web/20141008065206id_/http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/156066?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1"
[_metadata_:wayback_url]:- "http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/156066?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1"
---





Article Archives
================


 











 Search in Archives 








Sort by : 
DateTitle




Order 
AscendingDescending



 

 


 



|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 
 Aug **14** |  | 
[Burninate the Commander Side 
 
I've heard Commander described dozens of ways. Positive descriptions are the usual fare, but I have my own set of "elevator speech" breakdowns to entice the curious. But not all explanations are so...](/node/259401)
 |
| 
 Aug **7** |  | 
[Pray for Prey 
 

 Predictability is a double-edged sword.



 Predictability implies consistency: something is going to happen one way or another regardless of circumstances. For Commander, consistency is a...](/node/257651)
 |
| 
 Aug **1** |  | 
[DAY 1 METAGAME BREAKDOWN 
 
Standard is finally complete. The addition of Magic 2015 to the format has pushed its size to the biggest it's been in years, and the addition of this year's Pro Tour synced with it means we get to...](/node/256411)
 |
| 
 Jul **31** |  | 
[Get Murderous on Purpose 
 
Commander is a titular format. Choosing your commander defines the rules of your deck and often provides the impetus and focus for everything else that follows. We choose a legendary creature for...](/node/255736)
 |
| 
 Jul **24** |  | 
[Tap These Too 
 
Themes and mechanics are a mixed bag in Commander. On one hand, following a theme or mechanic through to its natural conclusion expedites an already complex deck-building process. Finding 60, 70, or...](/node/253836)
 |
| 
 Jul **10** |  | 
[Old Worlds News 
 
I like lists. Organizing and sharing information with lists may be so frequent its banal, but I find myself drawn to them for everything:



 Rows of data in a spreadsheet list out my financial...](/node/236801)
 |
| 
 Jul **2** |  | 
[Visiting the Twingrove 
 
There's an idea I keep coming back do that many of you share too: Lands are where it's at in Commander.


 



 Forest | Art by Noah Bradley



 We've talked about lands before in...](/node/230386)
 |



* [Show More Articles](/en/articles/archive/156066?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=2)

 

  







