
---
[Link to Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141006214934/http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/156276?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1)

[_metadata_:generator]:- "Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org)"
[_metadata_:source]:- "div-main"
[_metadata_:title]:- "Article Archives"
[_metadata_:wayback_capture_timestamp]:- "2014-10-06 21:49:34"
[_metadata_:wayback_raw_url]:- "https://web.archive.org/web/20141006214934id_/http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/156276?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1"
[_metadata_:wayback_url]:- "http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/156276?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=1"
---





Article Archives
================


 











 Search in Archives 








Sort by : 
DateTitle




Order 
AscendingDescending



 

 


 



|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 
 Aug **15** |  | 
[Developing Annihilation 
 
It's Annihilation Week on DailyMTG.com, and that means I get to talk about how we have taken to developing removal big and small, and what kinds of trends we have for it in the future.

The Removal...](/node/253291)
 |
| 
 Aug **8** |  | 
[Developing Predators 
 

It's Predator Week on DailyMTG.com. I wanted to take a bit of time to talk about predators in the metagame; how and why they are important to your Magic-playing experience; and how they keep Magic...](/node/252181)
 |
| 
 Aug **1** |  | 
[Days of Future Future: Journey and M15 
 
Welcome again to the Days of Future Future, where I share some of the decks we created in our Future Future League and give you some insights into what we were thinking when trying to balance...](/node/230826)
 |
| 
 Jul **25** |  | 
[Developing Convoking 
 

Many players noted before Theros came out that convoke was a mechanic that would've fit perfectly in the theme of mortals believing in gods, and they are right—but we knew then that we were saving...](/node/229026)
 |
| 
 Jul **18** |  | 
[The M Files: Magic 2015, Part 2 
 
Welcome back to the M Files! This week, we finish up Magic 2015, with red, green, gold, and artifacts.





As a reminder, here's who we're peeking in on doing all of the talking.




AF:...](/node/228396)
 |
| 
 Jul **11** |  | 
[The M Files: Magic 2015, Part 1 
 


It's time once again to return to the Multiverse! Frequent readers of this column will know that Multiverse is our internal database used to track Magic cards already printed, early in design,...](/node/241756)
 |
| 
 Jul **4** |  | 
[Magic 2015 Wrap-Up 
 
Today on Latest Developments, I don't have a preview card for you. The entire set can be viewed here. Instead, I have a bit of a potpourri of different topics related to Magic 2015 that I hope will...](/node/230461)
 |



* [Show More Articles](/en/articles/archive/156276?title=&sort_by=created&sort_order=DESC&page=2)

 

  







